Add TableView widget (#2032)
slint-ui/slint: docs/widgets.md

See [Selecting a Widget Style](#selecting-a-widget-style) for details how to select the style. If no style is selected, `native` is the default. If `native` is not available, `fluent` is the default.

> ## structs

Reviewer: could you move that to the end of the file?  I think it's good to have the widget first

(Alternative is to put that documentation in the paragraph of the table view.)

}
```

## `StandardTableView`

> The `StandardTableView` represents a table of data with columns and rows. As cell model items it uses the `StandardListViewItem`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `StandardTableView` represents a table of data with columns and rows. Cells are organised in a model where each row is a model of `StandardListViewItem`.
```

### Properties

Same as ListView, and in addition:

* **`current-sort-column`** (*int*): Indicates the sorted column. -1 mean no column is sorted.
* **`columns`** (*`[TableColumn]`*): Defines the model of the table columns.

> * **`rows`** (*`[StandardListViewItem]`*): Defines the model of table rows.

Reviewer: TableColumn and StandardListViewItem are not documented.
(StandardListViewItem is mentioned in the docs for the StandardListView, but otherwise not documented)

> * **`min-header-height`** (*length*): Defines the minimum height of the column header.

Reviewer: I don't think we should have this property.
Each style can "hardcode" its size. But the user of the TableView shouldn't.

Author: is private now.
